touring in london passes with
once in 2 years nowhere else like in
london has no such amount
highly skilled critics and
opera and ballet
whose opinion is listened to in everything
the world so every two years for us we
We are actually passing a certain exam for now.
successfully
every time we bring either new
staging new stars this year
we bring the updated repertoire and sleeping
the beauty of the new scenery is free
Jerry and staged by Yuri Grigorovich and
kayak grigorovicha in new scenery
we bring balanchine jewels show
plans of paris installation alexey
Ratmanskogo first time
we bring and show london
public our new star rising
olga smirnov who is in summer
will be two years old just two years of the year
how did she come joined turbo big
theater and has already gained a decent position
in this big team
became right for which we believe
great big future honestly
certainly scary and exciting but never
does not allow you divinity
prevail like not ready
tutors and before going on stage
because our profession is impossible
repelled by feelings of fear and
obviously wrong, very exciting
exciting especially as the play
which is dancing a difficult performance
classic
big bit and swan bdp
brother values sleeping short lilacs
different
performances
but the only thing I can do
if possible to collect what I am now
saved up and show it to the viewer
no matter how i wish i am more
indicator therefore fear probably 2
sense of
here